Swapping time and space
Spinning violently around the y axis
Tokenizing real life
Bending the spoon
Filtering morale
Don't think of purple hippos
We need a new fuse
Have a good day
Upgrading Windows, your PC will restart several times. Sit back and relax
The architects are still drafting
The bits are breeding
Would you prefer chicken, steak, or tofu?
(Pay no attention to the man behind the curtain)
Please wait while the little elves draw your map
Don't worry... a few bits tried to escape, but we caught them
Would you like fries with that?
Checking the gravitational constant in your locale
Go ahead, hold your breath!
At least you're not on hold
Hum something loud while others stare
The server is powered by a lemon and two electrodes
Please wait while a larger software vendor in Seattle takes over the world
We're testing your patience
As if you had any other choice
The bits are flowing slowly today
It's still faster than you could draw it
The last time I tried this the monkey didn't survive. Let's hope it works better this time
I should have had a V8 this morning
My other loading screen is much faster
Testing on Timmy... We're going to need another Timmy
Just count to 10
Why so serious?
It's not you. It's me
It’s not me. It’s you
Counting backwards from Infinity
Don't panic
Do not run! We are your friends!
Warning: Don't set yourself on fire
We're making you a cookie
Creating time loop inversion field
Spinning the wheel of fortune
Loading the enchanted bunny
Computing chance of success
I'm sorry Dave, I can't do that
Looking for exact change
All your web browser are belong to us
Downloading viruses
Looking at your browser history
I feel like im supposed to be loading something
What do you call 8 Hobbits? A Hobbyte
Should have used a compiled language
Checking your operating system
Adjusting flux capacitor
Please wait until the sloth starts moving
Don't break your screen yet!
I swear it's almost done
Let's take a mindfulness minute
Unicorns are at the end of this road, I promise
Listening for the sound of one hand clapping
Keeping all the 1's and removing all the 0's
Putting the icing on the cake. The cake is not a lie
Cleaning off the cobwebs
Where did all the internets go
Connecting Neurotoxin Storage Tank
Granting wishes
Time flies when you’re having fun
Get some coffee and come back in ten minutes
Spinning the hamster
99 bottles of beer on the wall
Stay awhile and listen
You edhall not pass! yet
Load it and they will come
Convincing AI not to turn evil
There is no spoon. Because we are not done loading it
How did you get here?
Computing the secret to life, the universe, and everything
When nothing is going right, go left!
I love my job only when I'm on vacation
i'm not lazy, I'm just relaxed!
Never steal. The government hates competition
Optimism – is a lack of information
Save water and shower together
Whenever I find the key to success, someone changes the lock
I’ve got problem for your solution
I think I am, therefore, I am. I think
A kiss is like a fight, with mouths
You don’t pay taxes—they take taxes
Coffee, Chocolate, Men. The richer the better!
May the forks be with you
A commit a day keeps the mobs away
This is not a joke, it's a commit
Roping some seaturtles
Locating Jebediah Kerman
We are not liable for any broken screens as a result of waiting
Hello IT, have you tried turning it off and on again?
If you type Google into Google you can break the internet
Well, this is embarrassing
Didn't know paint dried so quickly
Everything sounds the same
I'm going to walk the dog
Dividing by zero
Spawn more Overlord!
If I’m not back in five minutes, just wait longer
Some days, you just can’t get rid of a bug!
We’re going to need a bigger boat
Web developers do it with <style>
Cracking military-grade encryption
Simulating traveling salesman
Twiddling thumbs
Searching for plot device
Laughing at your pictures.. I mean, loading
Sending data to NS.. I mean, our servers
Looking for sense of humour, please hold on
Please wait while the intern refills his coffee
A different error message? Finally, some progress!
Please hold on as we reheat our coffee
Kindly hold on as we convert this bug to a feature
Kindly hold on as our intern quits vim
Winter is coming
Installing dependencies
Switching to the latest JS framework
Distracted by cat gifs
Finding someone to hold my beer
BRB, working on my side project
Let's hope it's worth the wait
Aw, snap! Not
Ordering 1s and 0s
Updating dependencies
Whatever you do, don't look behind you
Please wait... Consulting the manual
It is dark. You're likely to be eaten by a grue
It's 10:00pm. Do you know where your children are?
Feel free to spin in your chair
What's under there?
Your computer has a virus, its name is Windows!
Go ahead, hold your breath and do an ironman plank till loading complete
Bored of slow loading spinner, buy more RAM!
Help, I'm trapped in a loader!
Mining some bitcoins
Downloading more RAM
Updating to Windows Vista
Deleting System32 folder
Alt+F4 speeds things up.
Initializing the initializer
When was the last time you dusted around here?
Optimizing the optimizer
Last call for the data bus! All aboard!
Running swag sticker detection
Never let a computer know you're in a hurry
Some things man was never meant to know. For everything else, there's Google
Shovelling coal into the server
Pushing pixels
How about this weather, eh?
Building a wall
Everything in this universe is either a potato or not a potato
The severity of your issue is always lower than you expected
Updating Updater
Downloading Downloader
Debugging Debugger
Reading Terms and Conditions for you
Digested cookies being baked again
Running with scissors
Definitely not a virus
You may call me Steve
You seem like a nice person
Coffee at my place, tommorow at 10A.M. Don't be late!
Patience! This is difficult, you know
Discovering new ways of making you wait
Your time is very important to us. Please wait while we ignore you
Two men walked into a bar; the third ducked
Sooooo... Have you seen my vacation photos yet?
Sorry we are busy catching em' all, we're done soon
TODO: Insert elevator music
Still faster than Windows update
Please wait while the minions do their work
Grabbing extra minions
Doing the heavy lifting
We're working very Hard .... Really
Waking up the minions
You are number 2843684714 in the queue
Please wait while we serve other customers
Our premium plan is faster
Feeding unicorns
Rupturing the subspace barrier
Creating an anti-time reaction
Converging tachyon pulses
Bypassing control of the matter-antimatter integrator
Adjusting the dilithium crystal converter assembly
Reversing the shield polarity
Disrupting warp fields with an inverse graviton burst
Do you like my loading animation? I made it myself
Whoah, look at it go!
No, I'm awake. I was just resting my eyes
Don't panic... AHHHHH!
Ensuring Gnomes are still short
Baking ice cream